Up until now all our examples with links were with text.
So we had some kind of link and then we placed the text within the link and then I slid the link was
displayed and we were navigating somewhere.
However we also have option for placing different things within the link.
So we're just not limited to the text.
So let's test it out.
So let's say here on top of the page and again this is just so we can see a little bit clearer.
Let's place a link.
And for now let's say the link is going to be and I'm not going to the same thing.
Maybe you get me the outcome again just to save me a little bit of time.
Just grab this text.
You can obviously write it if you want but I'm to copy and paste it and instead of placing the text
of you Demi or John Doe whatever we would like to place there we can place an image.
So let's say here we're gonna have the image we know that we need to have the image element within the
image element within our source.
Now in this case let's look for the images now within the images folder we also have an option for laptop.
So I'm just gonna grab this image and you know what.
Just so it looks a little bit better.
Again let's uh.
Maybe a width of 200.
So it's gonna be a little bit smaller.
I'm gonna skip on alternative attribute and let's see what's gonna happen.
So as you can see right now I have the image.
The difference though is as I'm scrolling or I'm sorry as I'm hovering over the image.
Check this out.
So I have this little like on that tells me that pretty much this is the link.
Now as I'm hovering over the you dummy image things like that don't happen.
So what this means is that this is actually a link right now.
So if I click on it sure enough navigating through a dummy page.
Now last but not least now that we know that we can also place in images within the link.
We're not limited to the text.
I also want to show you that.
Let's say if you don't know right now this point where your link should be navigating.
Let's say you know that there's gonna be a link on the page.
However you don't know right now the URL.
Well we can always do we can just place a hashtag.
And that way we can be having a link.
So it's gonna be a link.
It's gonna be displayed as a link and it's gonna be clickable and everything but it's not going to navigate
anywhere.
So that's also an option.
I mean again you can call this or you'd like it could be an empty link.
This could be a dummy link.
It doesn't really matter.
The main point is instead of placing you URL within the entries we're just placing a hashtag.